[docs] Add GKE Autopilot operator support documentation (#3104)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/gke_autopilot/external.md

# Datadog Operator on GKE Autopilot

This guide explains how to deploy the Datadog Operator and a `DatadogAgent` on a GKE Autopilot cluster.

GKE Autopilot applies stricter workload restrictions than standard GKE clusters. The Operator's Autopilot mode adjusts the generated Agent workload so it can run within those restrictions.

## Prerequisites

- A GKE Autopilot cluster.
- `kubectl` configured for the cluster.
- `helm` for installing the Operator.
- A Datadog API key stored in a Kubernetes Secret.

See [Installing the Datadog Operator](../installation.md) for the general installation flow.

## Install the Operator

Add the Datadog Helm repository and install the Operator:

```shell
helm repo add datadog https://helm.datadoghq.com
helm install datadog-operator datadog/datadog-operator
```

*Note: GKE Autopilot is supported with the Operator version `1.27.0+`.*

## Create the Datadog credentials Secret

> Create a Secret in the namespace where you will create the `DatadogAgent`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a Secret in the namespace where you plan to create the `DatadogAgent`:
```

```shell
kubectl create secret generic datadog-secret \
  --from-literal api-key=<DATADOG_API_KEY>
```

> Add `app-key` as well if you enable features that require a Datadog application key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `app-key` if you enable features that require a Datadog application key.
```

## Enable Autopilot mode

Enable Autopilot mode by adding the experimental annotation to the `DatadogAgent` metadata:

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog
  annotations:
    experimental.agent.datadoghq.com/autopilot: "true"
spec:
  global:
    credentials:
      apiSecret:
        secretName: datadog-secret
        keyName: api-key
```

Apply the manifest:

```shell
kubectl apply -f datadog-agent.yaml
```

The annotation is case-insensitive for the value `true`, but use the quoted string `"true"` in manifests.

## Optional: select the WorkloadAllowlist version

When Autopilot mode is enabled, the Operator applies a GKE `AllowlistSynchronizer` named `datadog-synchronizer` that points GKE to the Datadog WorkloadAllowlist.

By default, the Operator uses the built-in default allowlist version. To pin another allowlist version, set:

```yaml
metadata:
  annotations:
    experimental.agent.datadoghq.com/autopilot: "true"
    experimental.agent.datadoghq.com/autopilot-allowlist-version: "v1.0.5"
```

The value must use the `vX.Y.Z` format. Malformed values are ignored and the default version is used.

## Customize resources

> Use the normal `spec.override.nodeAgent.containers` override to set container resources. For example, this sets resources on the core Agent container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `spec.override.nodeAgent.containers` override to set container resources. For example, the following configuration sets resources on the core Agent container:
```
